All right we're back.
Let's keep pushing forward on onwards.
Now our last lecture we discussed a way to figure out your and Budget and different options for bid
strategies.
Now we're at the part of the process where you connect the keywords you want to target with the ads
that will show up for you and your product.
This is where you create what outwards calls your ad groups what you'll end up creating an ad where
it is a list of relevant keywords.
Ads you create for your campaign and info about the landing pages where the ads should lead to.
Now keep in mind it's best to focus on one goal at a time.
Increasing sales for one product or let's say getting clicks for one specific page.
Don't try to do both with one and focus your AD group or on one specific goal.
So let's continue with our onwards campaign set up.
We were looking at our last lecture.
We're now looking at the CRE and groups page in the first field you'll see that you are Alpher your
landing page for this ad when people click through your and this is where they're going to go to.
If you don't have this page ready yet it's fine.
Check off the my landing page is it ready box and you can design that later if you do well and or you
are already there.
Now the next step is to name your AD group and start entering keywords you're targeting for your goal.
In our example here we have that Wi-Fi enabled Scooter you're trying to sell.
So we've got a list of keywords to help us concentrate on that goal.
I'm going to assume you've done your keyword research but if you haven't and you need tips check out
my lecture on it.
Back in the c section of this course.
Seriously it's not really worth going over because it's the exact same process you would do for us to
go find the ones that are specific to your product or your audience and then make sure you read out
the ones that might actually just be a translation error or just not specifically what you're targeting.
So once you have your keywords enter them here one per line.
Here's the one I'm using for the smart scooter at rehab smart scooter childs Scooter Scooter Wi-Fi scooter
tracker scooter mileage like razor scooter Scroogie PSN razor GPA.
But the key words you see here are broad keywords.
That means Google will consider your ad a match if someone enters a search term that includes the terms
or terms that are similar.
Kind of like if one of your keywords is bicycle lock and someone types and bike lock.
OK well Google will know that they mean the same thing.
So let them do that.
Then you can also set a couple of other types of matches with their keywords.
If you need to know an exact match as a keyword set with square brackets around it like this.
OK so I put bike lock in square brackets.
Now someone types and either bike lock or bicycle lock.
Well it will match but if someone types in green bike lock or bike lock sale Well it will not match.
Now you can also set a phrase Manchus in quotes like this.
So put bike lock in quotes.
Now that will force Google to look for matches with keywords that include the term with words in that
order.
So green bike clock would match but lock your bike would not.
You know what I'm saying.
In some cases there might be some search terms out there that you don't want people to find you on.
Take schizm for example of that app that you open it and listen to a song and it tells you based on
the song's melody what you're listening to.
Now I could possibly be talking on the app that plays music.
Or I could be referring to a comic book where the superhero yells Shiism whenever he punches people
or it's shazam the movie.
God what's the basketball player was Shaquille O'Neal.
I think that's what happens anyway.
If the Shazam app people have an AD group of their own well it makes sense for them to filter out those
comic book fans when they search for Shazam along with terms like comic so they use what we call a negative
keyword to do this.
Put in the term with a minus sign before it like minus comic or minus cartoon.
And then any of the loose matches that include these words will be filtered out most really helps focus
your AD group and the audience who will see your ad.
This is obviously crucial because this is a large part of the optimization on your campaigns.
Now you might not spot all the fine tuning and your keywords immediately and that's perfectly fine.
But over time what you'll do is you look at how each search term is performing and you might notice
some of them are just not working well that case maybe you search it and see what the other search results
are or just kind of think about it.
Does this actually match what I'm doing now you just starting out.
Well I suggest you stick with broad matches.
Type in your keywords as is and don't include any of the modifiers I just mentioned.
Google pretty good at figuring this out for you.
But once you start getting feedback and stats look over you should be able to see some of the keyword
phrases people use to find and then click on you then it could actually be a good idea to go back and
include some of those exact phrases as part of your ADD group to really kind of hone in on the people
that you're looking for.
And oh yeah one last thing Google knows people misspell stuff all the time so they will automatically
correct things for them.
Like if someone typed in Coke recipe Google knows that they want to make pancakes.
Google doesn't assume that they're trying to make a Kokane pancake.
So you do not need to put in all the possible misspelled versions of your keyword that take you for
ever anyway.
And once you enter your own keywords you should see some ideas appear over on the right under the get
add group ideas form.
Go ahead and check them out.
Or if you're curious what a competitor might be targeting you can enter.
There you l and see what it returns.
If we put in the U R L for our competitor razor razor scooter you can see keywords for electric scooters.
Click to expand it and I'll show you more related keywords and monthly search volume.
I'll bet they might see some possibilities in there you didn't consider before.
Once you're satisfied with your group the next step is to create the ad that people will see.
So before we jump to that let's just pause right here.
You're following along this will give you a chance to get your own keyword list together and start pruning
it if you want to.
Then I'll see you in the next lecture.
Start talking to the actual ad itself.